gives you a million dollar check and you can do
anything you want to with it except you must give it
to Texas A&M but you get to decide what they do with
the million dollars. If you had a million dollars
you could give to them, what would you want A&M to do
with it? What would be your favorite cause?
Well,
I would
give half of it right offhand, half of it to a
scholarship fund. And
not,
you're going to think this is not good, but I
wouldn't, I don't necessarily want that
scholarship based on need. If you want to figure a
little bit of need in, I don't want that to
disqualify anybody or qualify anybody.
Hopefully... How would they pick the recipients?
That they pick the recipient by... a deserving
person and not
somebody that has a genuine desire to learn and to
be good for humanity.
What about the other half? And the other half, and
this sounds awfully bad because of my son's recent
But I've been active for many years in the
association. I'd give the other to the
association as unrestricted funds. Okay. And
they would probably take a goodly amount of it and
place it into the
foundation. which is completely really
controlled by the former students. But I've let
them have a backlog to do so many things that the
association has to do. And this has been a
feeling of mine for a long time.
I hate to say this because they're all worthy. The
College of Veterinary Medicine, the College of
Engineering, the
College of Geosciences, all of the different
colleges, they're all deserving. and the Corps
cadets and everything, and God knows I love the
Corps. But
the association has supported all of these things
for so many years, they get no credit for it. Which
they're not really looking for credit, but they,
now all of these, outfits are going on separate
fundraising ventures and even so they still
expect the support of the association. And
somehow this has to be worked out amicably. Last
question. What feelings do you hold in your heart
now for Texas A&M?
I love it.
That's about all I can say. I love it.